Update service definition docs (#1423)
encoredev/encore: docs/tutorials/rest-api.mdx

Now let's create a new `url` service.

🥐 In your application's root folder, create a directory named `url` containing a file named `encore.service.ts`.

```shell
$ mkdir url
$ touch url/encore.service.ts
```

🥐 Add the following code to `url/encore.service.ts`:

```ts
-- url/encore.service.ts --
import { Service } from "encore.dev/service";

export default new Service("url");
```

> This is how you create microservices with Encore. Encore will now consider files in the `url` directory and all its subdirectories as part of the `url` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how you define a service with Encore. Encore will now consider files in the `url` directory and all its subdirectories as part of the `url` service.
```
